c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\SmileyWalk.xnb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.exe
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.deps.json
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_a.497585F5.Up2Date
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\background.xnb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Smiley.xnb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\background.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Smiley.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\SmileyWalk.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.exe
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.deps.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_a.497585F5.Up2Date
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\background.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Smiley.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\SmileyWalk.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Title.xnb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.exe
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.deps.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_a.497585F5.Up2Date
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.pdb
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\sprite_animado.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\hhhhi\Desktop\Programação\Testes C#\sprite_animado\Smiley_Game\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\sprite_animado.dll
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\dirt_tile.xnb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\grass_tile.xnb
c:\Users\Israel\Desktop\Israel\DotNet\Testes C#\sprite_animado\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\sand_tile.xnb
